Open main1.py. Before running it, what do you expect this program to do? 
I expect the program to ask me what my favorite color is and allow for me to input an answer.
Now right click on the window and select “Run Python File in Terminal”. Click in the bottom panel, and answer the question. Describe what happened. 
The program greeted me and asked what my favorite color was. It also allowed for me to input an answer.
What do you think the program did with what you typed?

Nothing.

Open main2.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main1.py. 
It has an additional line that will display the answer the user inputs.
What do you think the color = input() will do? 
It will display the answer the user typed in.
Run the program in the terminal and answer the question. Did the program do what you expected?

Yes

Open main3.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
It has a conditional statement on line 11.
What is happening on lines 11–14? 
There is a conditional statement that checks if the inputed answer is red.
Why are lines 12 and 14 indented? 
They are part of the if statement.
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you don’t capitalize Red? 
It does not recognize it as the correct answser.
What does this tell you about "color"?

It is case sensitive.

Open main4.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
It has an additional part added to the conditional statement.
What problem is this trying to solve? 
It allows for the user to choose whether or not to capitalize the r in red.
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you use some other capitalization scheme (i.e., “RED” or “reD“)?

It does not accept other capitalization schemes.

Open main5.py. What do you expect line 11 to do? 
It changes the answer to all lowercase before checking if the answer meets the critera to be correct.
What problem is it trying to solve? 
It allows for various capitalization schemes.
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you add spaces before or after the word (i.e., “  RED  “ or “ red”)?

It does not recognize the answer with additional spaces added.

Open main6.py. How is line 11 different than main5.py? 
.strip is added to the line.
What would you guess .strip() is doing? 
I believe it removes any extra spaces the user inputs.
Run the program and answer the question. Is there another way of writing “red” that will break this logic?
Spaces inbetween the letters of red break the logic.


Open main7.py. Before running this program, how do you expect this to be different than main6.py? 
It has a part added that responds differently if the user answers pink.
What is the purpose of line 11? 
It simplifies the color variable for later parts of the code.
Run the program and answer the question.



Open main8.py. What is the purpose of line 11? 
It creates a while loop.
Why are lines 12–19 indented? 
They are part of the while loop.
Run the program. What would happen if line 12 were moved before line 11 (and no longer indented)? 
The program would loop indefinitely if the user did not answer correctly.
Make that change and run the program again. To end any Python program, you can type ctrl-c.



Open main9.py. What is happening on line 12? 
It starts the while loop.
What is the purpose of “count”? 
It keeps track of how many answers it takes the user to reach the correct one.
What is happening on line 22? 
The total number of tries is displayed to the user.
Run the program.


*Extra credit:* open main10.py. Add a comment to each line describing what it is doing (a comment follows a pound sign [#]). 

Commit your changes and push them back to the repository. 

Did you do the extra credit?
No